ShowDoc    Bookmarks Admin Profile Feedback Sign Out Help 

        HeadlinesKnowledge Service RequestConfiguration Support ManagerPatches & 
      UpdatesForumsCertify
        Knowledge Browser   Advanced Search   Bug Search  Secure Enterprise 
      Search  

                        Quick Find 
                     All Sources Knowledge Base Knowledge Base (Including 
                    Archived Articles) Bug Database Technical Forums Document ID 
                    (Knowledge Base, Forum, or Bug) Service Request Number Error 
                    Code Patch Number  Go 
                    Secure Enterprise Search    Advanced   Saved Searches



            Did this article help solve your problem?  Select Yes No Does Not 
              Apply Would you recommend this document to others?  Select Yes No 
              Not Sure   
                        

       
                        TIP: Click help for a detailed explanation of this page.
                  BookmarkGo to End

                  Subject: View Status of a Delivery Line
                   Doc ID: Note:205708.1Type: BULLETIN
                   Last Revision Date: 28-OCT-2002Status: PUBLISHED


PURPOSE
-------

To aid in problem resolution.

 
SCOPE & APPLICATION
-------------------

Users of Oracle Shipping Execution application.


View Status of a Delivery Line
-----------------------------
 
The released status of a delivery line identifies its progress through the 
shipping process. View released status in either the:
Oracle Shipping Execution Shipping Transactions window, or
Oracle Order Management Orders window, Actions button, Additional
  information, Deliveries tabbed region

To view the status of a delivery line:

1. Navigate to the Query Manager window, and find the delivery lines.
   The delivery lines display in the Shipping Transactions window.

2. Select the line and click the Detail button to display the line details.
   In the Pick Status field, the current status of the delivery line is 
   displayed.

3. Click the Done button to return to the Main tab.

4. Alternately, in the Main tab, you can use the right scroll arrow to scroll 
   to the Pick Status column and view the status of the delivery line(s).

The different delivery line statuses are:
- Not Applicable (Code X)
  The delivery line is invoicable but non-shippable, for example, a service line
  or a warranty line.
- Not Ready for Release (Code N)
  The delivery line is not eligible for pick release.
  Occurs when the order line is manually imported into Oracle Shipping Execution
  using the Import Delivery Line concurrent process. It has not reached the
  Awaiting Shipping workflow activity.
- Ready for Release (Code R)
  The delivery line is eligible for pick release.
  Occurs when the order line has reached the Awaiting Shipping workflow activity 
  (it is booked, scheduled, and in Oracle Shipping Execution).
- Submitted to Warehouse (Code S)
  Pick release has processed the delivery line and has:
  Created move order headers and lines.
  Found available quantity and created inventory allocations.
  Not pick confirmed. If you are using auto-pick confirm, it changes release
  status to Staged. If you are not using auto-pick confirm and want to progress 
  the delivery lines, navigate to Oracle Inventory Move Order Transaction window
  and perform manual pick confirm.
- Staged (Code Y)
  The delivery line is pick confirmed; inventory is transferred from storage
  subinventory to staging subinventory. It remains staged until ship confirm.
- Backordered (Code B)
  Any of the following circumstances occurs:
  Pick release has processed the delivery line and cannot find the entire 
  quantity.  This typically occurs when the Oracle Inventory inventory balance 
  indicates that there is not enough material (either because there is not 
  enough material or because the inventory balance is incorrect).
  At ship confirm, you:
  Enter Shipped Quantity that is less than Original Requested Quantity
  Backorder the entire delivery quantity
  Transfer a reservation to cycle count
  This typically occurs when the material that you want to ship:
  Has become unavailable, for example, damaged, between picking and shipping.
  Is available and you backorder material for specific business reasons. For
  example, all available material has been allocated to a specific customer
  when you find out additional supply for other orders will be delayed.
  For information on the backorder processing in pick release and ship confirm, 
  see those topics.
- Shipped (Code C)
  The delivery line’s delivery is ship confirmed and posted as intransit, OM 
  Interface and Inventory Interface have processed, and the trip is closed.
- Cancelled (Code D)
  The order line that the delivery line supports is cancelled.


RELATED DOCUMENTS
-----------------

Oracle Shipping Execution, Part No. A77030-

. 
               

            Bookmarks Admin Profile Feedback Sign Out Help 

            Copyright © 2006, Oracle. All rights reserved. Legal Notices  and 
            Terms of Use | Privacy Statement 



