
Doc ID:  Note:133941.1 

Troubleshooting When Setting Up Preferences On The Planners Workbench

The default cutoff date on the preferences of the planner workbench is
set as following :
 The FIRST time when you open the workbench for a particular plan, 
 the cutoff date by default is = the sysdate + the value entered 
 in the profile option MRP: Cutoff Date Offset Months 

This happens only the first time.

Then you can update this cutoff date as explained in the user¡¯s guide :
In the Supply/Demand alternative region, enter a Cutoff Date, 
and Default Job Status. 
When the Planner Workbench creates discrete jobs from implemented 
planned orders, it assigns the job status you had entered in the 
Preferences window.  

If the cutoff date is now changed manually, the date that would appear in 
the cutoff date would be the last date saved and would no longer default from
any value. 

If you don't pay attention to this, the result of this change for the 
current user will be : 
After a while, the query of suggested orders on the workbench 
will bring less and less orders, until you will have ¡®no data found¡¯. 

That is because the date on the preferences will not any more reflect 
the supply cutoff date.

So if you want to see a cutoff date greater than the one displayed 
(after the first manual change), you MUST update this cutoff date manually.

This is as designed.

If you wish to reset the behavior to default the date from the profile, 
then try the following:
We have had success using the steps below.
1. Open the Preferences and null the date, then Apply, then Save
2. Change profile -- e.g from 6 to 7 then save
3. Change profile back to original value -- e.g. 7 to 6 then save
4. Enter the workbench again 
5. Check the date and then exit without making changes
6. Check the date again tomorrow and it should be incremented.

ADVISE : It is better not to update this cut off date within the
preferences of the workbench, to make sure to be able to see your suggested
orders. But if USER still wants to update it manually, don't forget that
this particular USER will HAVE TO update it each time they query 
for suggested orders on the workbench.





If you wish to reset the behavior to default the date from the profile, 
then try the following:
We have had success using the steps below.
1. Open the Preferences and null the date, then Apply, then Save
2. Change profile -- e.g from 6 to 7 then save
3. Change profile back to original value -- e.g. 7 to 6 then save
4. Enter the workbench again 
5. Check the date and then exit without making changes
6. Check the date again tomorrow and it should be incremented.


