

ISIT task:

Manual -cycle counts -Ctl F11 , locate at a cycle name -->Tools-->Perform Full Cycle Count
Fill in 3 Parameter -the cycle count name


request: schedule at 8:30 -8:50 each day
<Perform full cycle count (Report Set)>

--------------------BMC steps (use working calendar)

Setup:
1. ISIT create Cycle Counting Name
2. ISIT setup Class upder the cycle counting
3. ISIT input items under this cycle counting
4. (ISIT onetime) Run schedule:
Tools-> Perform full cycle count
----Actual request set: Perform full cycle count (Report Set)


Daily:
1.Daily, user at Cycle Count Entries-Choose Name - (B)Find -Export all open count request to excel

2.User data load the count_Qty
At entry screen, enter the count_Qty, otherwise it would be show in future export list!

3.ISIT Need to reject the data before the Item was counted again ! 
otherwise will in task screen



-------------Oracle user manual
Performing Cycle and Physical Counting with WMS

Oracle WMS enables you to perform both cycle and physical counts, using the
mobile device. The WMS offers the following enhancements to standard inventory
cycle counting:
 Mobile device enabled
 You can scan information about material
 You can enter count quantities real-time
 The system automatically matches count information to the cycle count request

(If no matches are found, the system creates an unscheduled cycle count. The
system will create an unscheduled count only if you allow unscheduled entries
while defining the cycle count.)

 Provides you the choice of counting the LPN or the LPN quantities
 Cycle counts can either be dispatched as tasks or user directed
This section includes the following topics:
 Describing the WMS Cycle Counting Process
 Using WMS Cycle Counting Features
 Setting Up and Performing Cycle Counts

Describing the WMS Cycle Counting Process
The process of defining and scheduling cycle counts are documented in the Oracle
Inventory User¡¯s Guide. However, with WMS installed, additional cycle count header
values have been added to control license plate discrepancies.

Optionally, the following can be defined:
 Set up an employee and assign that employee to the user who will perform the cycle counting task.
 Define a department, or use an existing department, for cycle counting.
 Create a new resource of type Person, and assign the employee, that is associated with the user who will perform the cycle counting tasks, to the
resource.

Define a standard task type for cycle counting, and assign your cycle counting
department to the task type.
Assign a task type of Cycle Count.
Assign the resource, that was created for cycle counting, in operational
resources.
The next step in the process requires that the operator log into the mobile user
interface and start entering counts for warehouse items. The organization name,
cycle count name, subinventory, locator, cost group, project, task (with a WMS
enabled Project Manufacturing organization), and any other attributes are all
captured using the mobile device. At this point, the count can either be task
dispatched or user directed.
After the count is performed, the system automatically matches the cycle count
results against the cycle count request. If the cycle count results do not match the
cycle count request, then the system creates an unscheduled cycle count.

After the matching process, authorized personnel can approve the counts and make
adjustments.

Using WMS Cycle Counting Features
Before you can perform cycle counting in WMS, you must have completed the
following:
 Defined workday calendar: You must define and assign the work day calendar
to a cycle count. The system uses this calendar for scheduling automatic counts.
Depending on the holidays and other exception days, the system can
automatically schedule cycle counts.
 Compiled the ABC analysis: The system can also perform cycle counting, based
on an ABC compile. An ABC compile can then be assigned to a cycle count, at
which time the cycle count can be performed.
 Defined ABC classes: You must define ABC classes before performing a cycle
count. All of the items that are included in a cycle count must belong to one of
the classes. Items can be individually assigned to classes. A class assignment for
a particular item can be changed.
Setting Up and Performing Cycle Counts
Setting Up and performing cycle counts includes the following:

Defining the scope of the cycle count, either at the organization- or
subinventory level
 Defining ABC classes
 Defining items
 Scheduling cycle counts
 Generating cycle count requests
 Entering count results
 Making approvals and adjustments
 Generating and viewing reports



